Fourth Young Master, I just went out to buy something for Madam
When I came back, the lady was gone
I went out to look for several laps and couldn't find it.
You don't have to come tomorrow.
Someone else sent it to me, just right.
Mom, where have you been?
I was just getting some air.
Why did I call you here?
Since your house is out, I'll go first
Hey wait little girl
Today, I want to thank you for sending me back to Qingshan
Go and deliver this little girl for me
Thank you well
Didn't you say you would never appear in front of me again?
I just feel like the more we are boyfriends
accidental
The first time I went to Mohs
You swept all my coffee
But I don't want you to be crowded
When you seduce me and climb into my bed
This one called me
No class for a year
Only when I go to class
Just take a quick look at this one
And my life going to the Three Realms Qingqing
Down in my workshop
This is also called
But now you hit and now I scold your father and pay you back
This also calls me human